TURN-BASED TEXT-BASED CS:GO
	(tb2CSGO)

A project for fakeOS by:
	Michael Blauvelt 'jagcore'

Based on xkcd 91 by:
	Randall Munroe

CSGO and the CS franchise by:
	Valve Studios

VERSION 1.0:
- release

ABOUT:

tb2CSGO is a text based and turn based autobattler rendition of
CS:GO by Valve Studios. This game includes:

- BASE GAME
	A simple ranked mode is available. The ranking system is 
	still a work-in-progress. Expect an overhaul in the future.

- COMMUNITY SERVERS
	tb2CSGO comes with an evolving servers system.
	Updates may contain a new modpack and a new server ip.
	Server list is in 'servers.txt'

- SUBMITTING SERVERS
	If you decide to create your own server, you
	can submit you server to be added in a
	future update. Further elaboration later in this about page.

USAGE:

tb2CSGO has a next-gen server system, allowing you
to connect to other players. This system may take time
to load you in however, and you can experience crashes
or kicks on community servers.


INSTALLATION:

drag the tbtbCSGO file into the APPS folder
copy tb2CSGO.py and paste it into core and storage
copy everything in the mods folder and paste it into core and storage
you can now play tb2CSGO.py


SUBMITTING COMMUNITY SERVERS:

tb2CSGO welcomes creators, and we really do want your
ideas and creations. So, tb2CSGO has a server submission system.
To use this system, follow these steps:

Get your code. Example code can be found in 'examplemod.py'
Your code should be able to run itself and still function.
Remember that tb2CSGO servers run the modpack and not the core
game. Also be sure that there are no bugs that could hurt
the player experience.

Email the code to me, whether by copy and pasting your code,
sending the .py file, or copy pasting into a doc and inviting
me, although I'd much rather have the .py file.

My email:
BLAUVMC@student.okaloosaschools.com

I'll review the code and send you an implementation.
If I find any bugs, I'll let you know that the code was
rejected and tell you the error message.

If you accept the implementation, I'll optimize the code to
tb2CSGO servers and fully release the complete implementation
in a future update. You can email me if you have any questions
on the design process, or any other modding questions.

Congratulations! You are now an official community creator!
If you want to update the implementation, email me the new
code and we will go through the design process again.


Thank you for your time, and thank you for using tb2CSGO!